readme.md, before:

# Project Spotify

This will be a personal project of mine, exploring and combining fun datasets. The goal is to create an interactive datavisualisation with [D3](d3js.org).

## List of datasets

This is a list of all the interesting datasets:

- [Top spotify songs 2010-2019](https://www.kaggle.com/leonardopena/top-spotify-songs-from-20102019-by-year)
- [Worldwide top spotify songs per county, per day of 2017](https://www.kaggle.com/edumucelli/spotifys-worldwide-daily-song-ranking)
- [Top spotify songs of 2017 more detail](https://www.kaggle.com/nadintamer/top-tracks-of-2017)
- [Top spotify songs of 2018 more detail](https://www.kaggle.com/nadintamer/top-spotify-tracks-of-2018)
- [Top spotify songs of 2019 more detail](https://www.kaggle.com/leonardopena/top50spotify2019)

For this project I will pick 10 different countries with as much difference in geographical location and culture between them.
The list of countries I will use in this application:
- Austria (at)
- Ecuador (ec)
- Hong Kong (hk)
- Finland (fi)
- Iceland (ic)
- Italy (it)
- Japan (jp)
- Netherlands (nl)
- New Zealand (nz)
- Turkey (tr)

Commit message:

Cleaned the data to match list of countries. Data remapped aswell

readme.md, after:

# Project Spotify

This will be a personal project of mine, exploring and combining fun datasets. The goal is to create an interactive datavisualisation with [D3](d3js.org).

## List of datasets

This is a list of all the interesting datasets:

- [Top spotify songs 2010-2019](https://www.kaggle.com/leonardopena/top-spotify-songs-from-20102019-by-year)
- [Worldwide top spotify songs per county, per day of 2017](https://www.kaggle.com/edumucelli/spotifys-worldwide-daily-song-ranking)
- [Top spotify songs of 2017 more detail](https://www.kaggle.com/nadintamer/top-tracks-of-2017)
- [Top spotify songs of 2018 more detail](https://www.kaggle.com/nadintamer/top-spotify-tracks-of-2018)
- [Top spotify songs of 2019 more detail](https://www.kaggle.com/leonardopena/top50spotify2019)


I will be using a dataset containing the top 100 spotify songs for each day of 53 countries, for a year long.
For this project I will pick 10 different countries with as much difference in geographical location and culture between them.
The list of countries I will use in this application:
- Austria (at)
- Ecuador (ec)
- Hong Kong (hk)
- Finland (fi)
- Iceland (ic)
- Italy (it)
- Japan (jp)
- Netherlands (nl)
- New Zealand (nz)
- Turkey (tr)
